Document new preset style/add ERC20Burnable to preset list (#477)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/extensibility.adoc

* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc20/presets/ERC20Pausable.cairo[ERC20Pausable]
* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc20/presets/ERC20Upgradeable.cairo[ERC20Upgradeable]
* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc20/presets/ERC20.cairo[ERC20]
* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc721/presets/ERC721MintableBurnable.cairo[ERC721MintableBurnable]
* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc721/presets/ERC721MintablePausable.cairo[ERC721MintablePausable]
* https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/ad399728e6fcd5956a4ed347fb5e8ee731d37ec4/src/openzeppelin/token/erc721/enumerable/presets/ERC721EnumerableMintableBurnable.cairo[ERC721EnumerableMintableBurnable]

> In previous versions, contracts only needed to import the constructor from the preset contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of Cairo importing any function from a module would automatically import all `@external` functions. We used to leverage this behavior to just import the constructor of a the preset contract to load it.
```

> Since Cairo v0.10, however, contracts that utilize the preset contracts should import all of the exposed functions from it.
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Cairo v0.10, however, contracts that utilize the preset contracts should import all of the exposed functions from it. For example:
```
